JIRA OS_DOCS-1830 Added more autoscaling content for ROSA. (#30468)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-autoscaling-nodes.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// rosa-nodes/rosa-autoscale-nodes.adoc

[id="rosa-autoscaling_{context}"]
= Autoscaling nodes in an existing cluster

Configure autoscaling to dynamically scale the number of worker nodes up or down based on load. Autoscaling for worker nodes is configured in the machine pool definition if you are configuring an existing cluster.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: I think that this note might be more helpful in the parent assembly with a link to where you'd configure this during installation, if it's available.

Author: Done.

====

> Additionally, autoscaling can be configured on the default machine pool when you create the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can configure autoscaling on the default machine pool when you create the cluster.
```

Author: Done.

----
$ rosa edit machinepool --cluster=mycluster mp1 --enable-autoscaling --min-replicas=2 --max-replicas=5
----

> . To disable autoscaling on a machine pool, enter the following command:

Reviewer: Disabling is a different use case from enabling, so I suggest moving this content to a different assembly. Even if you have to create a new one.

Author: Done.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ rosa edit machinepool --cluster=<cluster_name> <machinepool_ID> --enable-autoscaling=false --replicas=<number>

Reviewer: It's best to explain the variables that you use in a command. How do you get the number of replicas to set?
